MFLT-5099 Improve OTA-related documentation across all docs (#149)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/software-version-hardware-version.mdx

Versions are used in Memfault in a variety of ways, including but not limited
to:

- Displaying [Issue distributions](/docs/platform/charts) by version.
- Determining regressions: re-opening an Issue if a defect recurs in a newer
  Software Version after the Issue was marked as resolved.
- Checking if a device is up to date: if your Project uses Memfault to deploy
  firmware, the firmware's Software Version is used to determine if a device
  requires an update.

### Version Schemes

> If you're interested in learning how Memfault decides which OTA Release to
> deliver to a specific device, refer to the
> [Updating Behavior section on our platform-agnostic OTA documentation page](/docs/platform/ota#updating-behavior).

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this to justify the interest in OTA at this point, e.g.

```suggestion
Comparison between versions is a fundamental input to Memfault's OTA system.
Consult the section
[Updating Behavior on our OTA documentation](/docs/platform/ota#updating-behavior) to see how the rules below are being applied.
```
